EZEE-3157: Added possibility to define and choose parent Location for new Site (#1091)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/site_factory.md

    
    To learn how to use Site Factory, see [User documentation.](https://doc.ezplatform.com/projects/userguide/en/latest/site_organization/site_factory/#site-factory)
    
    ## Configuration
    
    ### Configure parent Location
    

>     You can define parent Location for a new site in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can define the parent Location for a new site in the configuration.
```

>     Each new site will be created in designeted Location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Each new site is created in the designated Location.
```

    
    To define a parent Location, add a new configuration key to the template definition.
    Each template is assigned its own Location.
    This can be either a Location ID (e.g. `62`), or a recommended remote Location ID (e.g. `1548b8cd8dd4c6b5082e566615d45e91`).
        
    Add the configuration key to your template:
    
    ```yaml hl_lines="7 12"
    ez_platform_site_factory:
        templates:
            ez_site1:
                siteaccess_group: example_site_factory_group_1
                name: example_site_1
                thumbnail: /path/to/image/example-thumbnail_1.png
                parent_location_id: 62
            ez_site2:
                siteaccess_group: example_site_factory_group_2
                name: example_site_2
                thumbnail: /path/to/image/example-thumbnail_2.png
                parent_location_remote_id: 1548b8cd8dd4c6b5082e566615d45e91
    ```
    

>     Now, you can see a path to new site's parent Location under design selection.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Now, you can see the path to the new site's parent Location under design selection.   
```

>     If you have sufficient permissions you can change defined Location during site creation process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have sufficient permissions you can change the defined Location during site creation. 
```

>     If the parent Location is not defined, you will have to choose it from Universal Discovery Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the parent Location is not defined, you have to choose it from Universal Discovery Widget.
```
